I:	Did the hospital say that he wasn’t going to live for very long, 
perhaps when he was diagnosed Had Adam talked to you about dying?

R:	They told me that he would probably not get past the age of about 12. 
But it wasn’t ever really mentioned again. And being in [another country], I didn’t have access to a lot of information. 
And I was very young and it didn’t really occur to me to actually find out anything very much. 
I just sort of went along with it. And then he was obviously not well but he was, you know, a very, very, very, 
very long way from dying. You know, not till he was about 18, 19 did he really get poorly. We did talk about it occasionally.
 He tried to broach it occasionally, but I couldn’t. I found that I couldn’t deal with it; I couldn’t talk about it –
 I think because I didn’t really think, ever really think it was going to happen. I mean, I know, not really, I know
 I didn’t think that it was going to happen. You know, in good time, obviously, because we’re all going to go.
 But I mean not, and once or twice Adam told me that he was frightened. And I said: “Well, yes, you know, of course you’re frightened,” and 
I would give him a cuddle and he’d have a little cry.  But he was also very much “when I have my transplant”, and not “if”. 
There was one awful scene on, what was it called, that really popular American…? 

I:	ER?

R:	ER, yeah. Did you see that one? 

?

I:	Mmm.

R:	Ahhh, horrific! And I can’t remember whether we watched it together. 
I can’t remember whether he was home or not. But I watched it, and I remember asking the nurse, 
if it was really like that? And she said: “No, not necessarily.” And Adam said to me that, you know, 
if ever he was in that state and he was going to die, he didn’t want to be resuscitated. 
And I said [quickly]: “Okay!” you know. (laughter) And I’m just very glad I was never put to the test on it, because I don’t know what I would have done! 
I don’t know.






































Adam’s mother




1






